# Community Meeting Schedule

We have two recurring bi-weekly Harbor community conference calls. One meeting will cater to the Asia members `9pm UTC+8 Timezone`, and a second meeting will cater to Europe and Americas members `1pm Pacific Timezone`. We will use these meetings to communicate updates to the project, listen to feedback from the Harbor community, and also collect requirements/use cases for new features. Sometimes, we may also host adhoc meetings with a specific agenda. Use the calendar link below to add the recurring meetings to your calendar.

**Meeting Link**: [https://zoom.us/j/734959521](https://zoom.us/j/734959521)

**Meeting Agenda**: Read, comment, or add agenda items on the [meeting notes](https://github.com/goharbor/community/wiki/Harbor-Community-Meetings)

**Calendar Link**: [https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=NjdjNWRlMXNxdDRkNXQzNzlvaTByMXJ1YzRAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=NjdjNWRlMXNxdDRkNXQzNzlvaTByMXJ1YzRAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

**Recordings**: [YouTube Playlist for Harbor Community Meetings](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLgInP-D86bCwTC0DYAa1pgupsQIAWPomv)

**Harbor YouTube Channel**: [Project Harbor on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSxaozHKrX3F0UnZeYe5Itg)

**************************************************************************************************************************************
## OLD CONTENT NO LONGER UPDATED BUT KEPT FOR HISTORICAL REFERENCE
The old community meeting slides are located [here](/conf-calls) for historical reasons.

|      Scheduled Time    |   Speakers   |  Attendees   |     Conf Recording   |                 Main Topic              |  Followup  |
|------------------------|--------------|--------------|----------------------|-----------------------------------------|-----------|
| 2019/09/25 |  @stevenr || [Recording] | community update, Harbor security process udpate, 1.10 feature demo - pluggable scanner, talk by Josh Dolitsky about "From ChartMuseum to Harbor" ||
| 2019/08/28 |  @xaleeks || [Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/pG6Xyc2TyEZqmytWKRkjC2fnX9EHcuSkZU5OQplvhwmwIumekTziMw?startTime=1566996466000)  | community update (Gitlab, Datadog), 1.9 release update, 1.10 release feature preview, Demo by Martin Juhl of Aperta ||
| 2019/08/14 |  @bitsf || [China Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/w6UhpfQ5BwFNqAmsWfK_0PFd_8I8jxB7LZjN0y8aMWKwIumekTziMw)  | upcoming community events, 1.9 planning, tag retention, quota per project, User case sharing from SongGe, User case share from Maxime  ||
| 2019/07/31 |  @heww || [China Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/WdOlft5X4lzXu9nTSwzlK3Zrl22g2vOCXLvqt-AWV-qwIumekTziMw?startTime=1564578451000)  | upcoming community events, 1.9 planning, tag retention, quota per project ||
| 2019/07/17 |  @bitsf || [China Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/j4tRARdxPnln2MUiTu9dMI2UD3KnPqQ4FIibNBhVBO-wIumekTziMw)  | upcoming community events, 1.9 planning, quota per project, webhook support, azure replication, User case sharing from caicloud  ||
| 2019/07/03 |  @heww || [China Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/RquB6Q5Pl_fSl6TSwPynRlUKRJ4gFysvRiSGJ-FXvNWwIumekTziMw)  | upcoming community events, 1.9 planning, System level CVE whitelist, External syslog driver, User case sharing from qihoo360 ||
| 2019/04/24 |  @steven-zou and @michmike || [China Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/cOzI-WGqIO7bJb3upT1cwxAnko59icH-PVEXFBbV97GwIumekTziMw)  | upcoming community events, 1.9 planning, replication to non-harbor registry demo  ||
| 2019/04/10 | @steven-zou and @michmike || [China Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/Km_X9jlouC_NzXTy_x2BFNoaPMtlZUVBAX2mGqBaz9qwIumekTziMw), [US Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/r0NGQBWAsRlq1dDMuVVu2CIzqDPX5rYKlePjuxpUBTiwIumekTziMw) | 1.8 updates, community survey updates, 1.8 features preview ||
| -- | [@mushixun](https://github.com/mushixun)| | | Introduction of feature: Registry operation analysis | |
| -- | [@yangjunsss](https://github.com/yangjunsss) |||Distribute images via decentralized P2P network ||
| 2019/03/27 | Host: @michmike || `short meeting with no recording` |v1.9 proposal collection & introduction of proposal submission process ||
| 2019/03/27 | Host: @renmaosheng | 13 |[Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/q3XXCv2VuPhmiyH8-sX2KVHWT4TmuaG3uhqE9cFCZAuwIumekTziMw)|v1.9 proposal collection & introduction of proposal submission process ||
| 2019/03/13 | Host: @michmike ||[Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/7aELbP8mDdRxOMnsH8BEKuauQx8XE_5iiUyiZOjD8KmwIumekTziMw)|Prepare script updates, Survey, 2 new maintainers, Replication Updates||
| 2019/03/13 | Host: Mia |22||Prepare script updates, Survey, 2 new maintainers, Replication Updates||
| US TimeZone: 2019/02/27 08:00-08:30 AM(PST) | Host: [@michmike](https://github.com/michmike) ||[Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/kv1pGufDoe0k3Am2Wad5CQZJUWRJs84bXbkb8SpVXruwIumekTziMw)|1. Discussion about the requirements of changing governance model 2. DEV progress updates for the features included in the V1.8| |
| CHINA TimeZone: 2019/02/27 21:00-21:30(UTC+8) | Host: [@wang yan](https://github.com/wy65701436) |22|[Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/r9yAq3gKQ4z6zhHtORTCCHu3tiwGAFACd060ijRQIm-wIumekTziMw)|1. Discussion about the requirements of changing governance model 2. DEV progress updates for the features included in the V1.8 3. Events update||
| 2019/01/23 06:00-06:30 AM(PST)/21:00-21:30 (UTC+8)| Host: [@steven-zou]([@steven-zou](https://github.com/steven-zou)) |18|[Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/DAo6M0Gv9h7KRlRCmAEH7lj_tqQQNHB_ZAq2KQALIDqwIumekTziMw?startTime=1548250019000)|Share some DEV progress/updates/demos of the features included in the release V1.8 by the feature owners||
|2019/01/09 06:00-07:00 AM(PST)/21:00-22:00 (UTC+8)|Host: [@wenkai yin](https://github.com/ywk253100) Speaker: [@steven-zou](https://github.com/steven-zou)|30|[Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/agWHQkgV7G4H1G722sQdvbN6WrcQTaoc9FsYiUIzNH6wIumekTziMw?startTime=1547038592000)|[[Meeting Minutes]](conf-calls/2019-01-09/minutes.md)1.harbor+dragonfly introduction and demo 2. release progress updates||
| 2018/12/26 06:00-07:00 AM(PST)/21:00-22:00 (UTC+8)| [@steven-zou](https://github.com/steven-zou) & [@reasonerjt](https://github.com/reasonerjt) |12|[Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/t_F2PdraDA7h8Lbmr-7TIV1gXMWQFYsShGnYfNY7VFqwIumekTziMw?startTime=1545829608000)|[[Meeting Minutes]](https://github.com/goharbor/community/blob/master/conf-calls/2018-12-26/minutes.md)Release V1.8 introduction and discussion||
|2018/11/28 06:00-07:00 AM(PST)/21:00-22:00 (UTC+8)| [@wang yan](https://github.com/wy65701436) |19|[Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/VobuBSKfKeeHMyzMOQVuPX6ifFiTso3CNfuJTLgcxQWwIumekTziMw?startTime=1543410923000)|Introduction & Demo: Tencent Cloud Native Platform (TCNPlatform) ||
|2018/11/07 06:00-07:00 AM(PST)/21:00-22:00 (UTC+8)|[@wang yan](https://github.com/wy65701436) & [@wenkai yin](https://github.com/ywk253100)|25|[Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/nL5GinGFYADmE7BpK0WcGt3vk5IizKPvHwJPuYuP7OqwIumekTziMw?startTime=1541595468000)|Harbor HA and retag/build history features demo|
| 2018/10/24 06:00-07:00 AM(PST)/21:00-22:00 (Beijing time) | [@wang yan](https://github.com/wy65701436) | 25 | [Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/T4uMWlhuQp4Hzlp-gX6ILpBlD7XexDkOZ40UWD6urd2wIumekTziMw?startTime=1540386198000)|[[Meeting Minutes]](https://github.com/goharbor/community/blob/master/conf-calls/2018-10-24/minutes.md) Online GC demo||
| 2018/10/10 06:00-07:00 AM(PDT)/21:00-22:00 (Beijing time)| [@steven-zou](https://github.com/steven-zou) |19|[Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/GbVH9evjq4GDXGN9mGC0ZFYxPeINEzQkLw26E0of6R6wIumekTziMw?startTime=1539176657000)|[[Meeting Minutes]](https://github.com/goharbor/community/blob/master/conf-calls/2018-10-10/minutes.md) KubeCon event related and goverance model workflow introduction||
| 2018/09/13 06:00-07:00 AM(PDT)/21:00-22:00 (Beijing time) | [@reasonerjt](https://github.com/reasonerjt) |16|[Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/TliR9KB5pD4wtoX9BTazSLcpIqM6HQCH_COMDNHKKD-wIumekTziMw?startTime=1536844010000)|[[Meeting Minutes]](https://github.com/goharbor/community/blob/master/conf-calls/2018-09-13/minutes.md) Harbor V1.7.0 plan items go through||
| 2018/09/05 06:00-07:00 AM(PDT)/21:00-22:00 (Beijing time) | [@steven-zou](https://github.com/steven-zou),[@cd1989](https://github.com/cd1989), [@stonezdj](https://github.com/stonezdj) | 19 | [Recording](https://zoom.us/recording/share/CcX6hf25ylO9lKD9PRPu2xCgxDdVZOOE099qmYD-WvOwIumekTziMw?startTime=1536152587000)| [[Meeting Minutes]](https://github.com/goharbor/community/blob/master/conf-calls/2018-09-05/minutes.md) Harbor project and community updates; Harbor V1.6 early preview (Part 2): LDAP group and replication label filter; Technical proposal discussion| n/a |
| 2018/08/22 06:00-07:00 AM(PDT)/21:00-22:00 (Beijing time)| [@steven-zou](https://github.com/steven-zou), [@moooofly](https://github.com/moooofly), [@ninjadq](https://github.com/ninjadq) | 30 | [[Recording]](https://zoom.us/recording/share/xrIpIrM9AJLRCb5LK6-ArNPYiTtimx9_jPQ3tqOywqWwIumekTziMw?startTime=1534942970000)|[[Meeting Minutes]](https://github.com/goharbor/community/blob/master/conf-calls/2018-08-22/minutes.md) **Minutes:** 1. @steven-zou gave latest updates of Harbor 2. go-cli for harbor introduction and discussion by @moooofly 3. @ninjadq from Harbor team demostrate the Helm charts management new feature of Harbor| n/a |
| 2018/08/08 06:00-07:00 AM(PDT)/21:00-22:00 (Beijing time)| @harbor team| 22 | Not Recorded |Regular meeting: Updates of Harbor donating to CNCF, GitHub repo movement progress, Harbor project updates| n/a |
|  2018/07/18 06:00-07:00 AM(PDT)| [@nlowe](https://github.com/nlowe)|7 |[Recording](https://VMware.zoom.us/recording/share/tg_0Z1WHJWDSt7v5qE7HSSJuL2eGKurA7lI1LmtupSmwIumekTziMw ) | Discuss the feature 'Keep the latest X tags, clear the old ones'|[Followups](https://github.com/vmware/harbor/wiki/Followup-steps-for-feature-'Keep-the-latest-X-tags,-clear-the-old-ones')|
| 2018/06/27 06:00-06:30 AM(PDT) |  [@kofj](https://github.com/kofj)   | 12 |[Recording](https://VMware.zoom.us/recording/share/n6Rj3klndmlMjxtkqXReIqExJJ-R5ACX3L4VLJXFhxWwIumekTziMw)|Introduce and demo image build history feature|[Followups](https://github.com/vmware/harbor/wiki/Followup-steps-for-feature-'image-build-history'-developed-by-360-team)| 
| 2018/06/20 05:30-06:00 AM(PDT) |   [@statemood](https://github.com/statemood)    | 6 |[Recording](https://VMware.zoom.us/recording/share/FHRk_lYCD0zk4vL7LXtD1OpMaOMHFVFk-bUsGgr-adewIumekTziMw )| Review incubating project 'Nowa'        |[Followups](https://github.com/vmware/harbor/wiki/Project-page-for-incubating-project-'Nuwa')|    
